Add mpsl fem power models (#8536)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_radio_fem.rst

1. Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL` to ``y``
#. Provide an implementation of the ``mpsl_fem_power_model_to_use_get()`` function.
   This function should return a pointer to a variable of the type ``mpsl_fem_power_model_t`` which contains pointers to the model's callbacks.
#. Mandatorily implement the model's ``fetch`` callback (details explained below).
#. Optionally implement the model's ``init`` callback (details explained below).
   If no ``init`` callback is provided, pass ``NULL`` as the pointer to the callback.
#. You can also optionally extend the ``MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL_CHOICE`` Kconfig choice with an option to select your custom model, for example, if you want to test multiple custom models.

The ``init`` callback is called by MPSL once, after FEM configuration finishes.
Calibration data (acquired from FEM internal registers, Kconfig options, and devicetree files) is passed to this function using a parameter of the ``mpsl_fem_calibration_data_t`` type.
The meaning of the calibration data stored in this parameter is implementation-specific.

> For details, see the ``mpsl_fem_calibration_data_t`` type documentation.

Reviewer: Where is this "mpsl_fem_calibration_data_t" documentation located?

Reviewer 2: This will come when MPSL is deployed to sdk-nrfxlib, draft PR with the deploy https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/pull/815 (MPSL sources still not merged in upstream).

The ``fetch`` callback is used to split the power between the SoC output power and the FEM gain.
It is called every time this split needs to be recalculated.
For 802.15.4, this happens before every transmission.
For Bluetooth® Low Energy, this happens every time the channel changes.

.. note::
   This function is called in a time-critical path.

>    Please refer to the documentation of ``mpsl_fem_power_model_t`` on timing constraints.

Reviewer: Where is this "mpsl_fem_power_model_t" documentation located?

Reviewer 2: As answered in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/8536#discussion_r957477706

   Any complex calculations have to be done outside this function (for example, using a look up table).
   Failing to meet the timing requirements will lead to an undefined behavior of the protocol stacks.

The ``fetch`` callback must fill out all the fields of the  the ``p_output`` output parameter.

> For more details, see the ``mpsl_fem_power_model_output_t`` type documentation.

Reviewer: Where is this "mpsl_fem_power_model_output_t" documentation located?

Reviewer 2: As answered in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/8536#discussion_r957477706

You can use either one of the provided built-in models or provide your own custom model.

In order to use this feature set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL` Kconfig option to ``y``  and select one of the built-in
models or provide a custom model.

Using nRF21540 GPIO SPI built-in power model (Experimental)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This feature is in experimental stage and there is no guarantee that it will improve or even not worsen the current operation.

In order to use this model set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL_NRF21540_USE_BUILTIN` to ``y``.

When this feature is used a model is used to compensate the FEM gain for the external conditions: temperature and FEM supply voltage as well as the
carrier frequency and the FEM input power. It is assumed that the FEM supply voltage is constant. In order to inform the MPSL subsystem about
this voltage, use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM_POWER_VOLTAGE` option.

Adding custom power models
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If the way MPSL splits the TX power into components does not meet the users requirements or the user wishes to implement his own compensation model
> a custom model implementation can be provided. In order to use such model the following steps have to be completed:

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't speculate about the reasons why a user would like to use own power model. So what about
```suggestion
If a user wishes to implement own compensation model, the user can provide a custom model implementation.
To use such model complete following steps:
```

Reviewer 3: 'does not meet users requirements' is definitely something we could rephrase it by 'wishes to implement their own compensation model'.

#. You can also optionally extend the ``MPSL_FEM_POWER_MODEL_CHOICE`` Kconfig choice by an option to select your custom model, for example if you want to test multiple custom models.

The ``init`` callback is called by MPSL once, after FEM configuration finishes. Calibration data (acquired from FEM internal registers, Kconfig options and
devicetree files) is passed to this function using a parameter of the ``mpsl_fem_calibration_data_t`` type.
The meaning of the calibration data stored in this parameter is implementation specific - for details see the ``mpsl_fem_calibration_data_t`` type documentation.

The ``fetch`` callback is used to split the power between the SoC output power and the FEM gain. It is called every time this split needs to be recalculated.
For 802.15.4 this happens before every transmission. For Bluetooth Low Energy this happens every time the channel changes.
Important note: this function is called in a time critical path. Please refer to documentation of ``mpsl_fem_power_model_t`` on timing constraints.
Any complex calculations have to be done outside this function - using a look up table is suggested.

> Failing to meet these requirements will lead to undefined behavior of the protocol stacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Failing to meet timing requirements will lead to undefined behavior of the protocol stacks.
```
